docs: rename managed to cloud (#6689)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics-cloud/how-to-monitor-k8s.md

## Prerequisites

> - Active VictoriaMetrics Cloud instance. You can learn how to sign up for VictoriaMetrics Cloud [here](./quickstart.md#how-to-register).

Reviewer: `Active VictoriaMetrics Cloud instance` -> `Active VictoriaMetrics Cloud deployment`

## Prerequisites

> - Active VictoriaMetrics Cloud instance. You can learn how to sign up for VictoriaMetrics Cloud [here](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics-cloud/quickstart.html#how-to-register). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Active VictoriaMetrics Cloud instance. You can learn how to sign up for VictoriaMetrics Cloud [here](./quickstart.md#how-to-register). 
```

Author: done
